Psalm 96 Oh sing to the Lord a new song
sing to the Lord all the earth sing to
the Lord bless His name proclaim the
good news of his salvation from day to
day declare his glory among the nations
his wonders among all peoples for the
Lord is great and greatly to be praised
he is to be feared above all gods for
all the gods of the peoples are idols
but the Lord made the heavens honor and
Majesty are before him strength and
beauty are in his sanctuary give to the
Lord of families of the peoples give to
the Lord glory and strength give to the
Lord the glory due his name bring an
offering and come into his courts a
worship the Lord in the beauty of
holiness trembled before him all the
earth say among the nation's the Lord
reigns the world also is firmly
established it shall not be moved he
shall judge the peoples righteously let
the heavens rejoice and let the earth be
glad let the sea roar and all its
fullness
let the field be joyful and all that is
in it then all the trees of the woods
will rejoice before the Lord
but he is coming he is coming to judge
the earth he shall judge the world with
righteousness and the people's with his
truth